Fzv extra rules (#9)
TheFifthRider/fate-slash-fate: docs/combat.md

# Combat Rules

In Fate, a full battle is called a Conflict, though we colloquially refer to it as Combat.

## Roar Phase
*(Source: [War of Ashes](https://fate-srd.com/war-ashes/advanced-conflict)*)

The Roar Phase is an optional prelude to combat. It is a moment to define the awesome way that your character is approaching the Conflict before them. Maybe you are ***Intensely Focused***, or maybe you have entered into a ***Berserk Rage*.

**Mechanically**, each participating combatant is Creating An Advantage to place a special Roar Aspect on themself. You Roll against a +2 with the Combat Style that most fits your intentions. 

However...
1. After a Player Roars, the GM then gets to do a Roar. 

>    The GM can create as many Aspects as there are Players who Roar, even if there are not as many enemies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The GM can Roar as many times as the Players Roar, even if it means some enemies get to Roar multiple times.
```

### Split Effort (Select Targets)

1. Roll once! 
2. If it is positive, you may distribute your Shifts among the targets.
3. Each target can Roll to Defend against the Shifts you assigned to them.

### Zone Attack

1. Have a prerequisite Stunt or Aspect to justify this range
2. Roll once!
3. Each participant in the Zone Rolls to Defend against that same number. 

## Getting Taken Out vs. Conceding the Conflict

Once you've taken all the hits you can (pending your option to [take an extreme consequence](consequences)) you are taken out of the conflict. **This is not necessarily the same as being killed!** Perhaps you simply fall unconscious, or you get taken hostage. Remember: stress represents your stamina.

Whoever took you out gets to decide what happens to you. (...Which could be worse than death!)

To take control of your character's fate, you can Concede. **This is not the same as your character surrendering!** Your character may exit the scene willingly, but it can be unwilling. Either way it's still a loss, just a softer kind of loss. 

You can Concede during any Turn of the Exchange, even after an Action has been declared, as long as the dice have not yet been rolled. 

> If you Concede, you receive 1FP!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you Concede, you receive 1 fate point, plus an additional fate point for each consequence you suffered during the conflict!
```
